FanCode Project
Overview
This project automates the scenario where users from the FanCode city are checked to ensure they have completed more than half of their todos tasks. The automation is implemented using Java, TestNG, REST Assured, and Maven.

Setup Instructions
Clone the Repository:
git clone (https://github.com/prayashsdet/FancodeAssignment.git)

Open the Project:
Open the project in your preferred IDE (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse).
Ensure Maven dependencies are resolved.

Run the Test:
Locate and run the FanCodeTest.java file in the src/test/java directory.
This test executes the automation scenario to validate users' completed tasks in the FanCode city.
Project Structure
src/main/java/com/fancode/api: Contains API client classes for interacting with external APIs.
src/main/java/com/fancode/model: Includes model classes for mapping API responses to Java objects.
src/test/java/com/fancode/FancodeTest: Includes TestNG test classes for automation scenarios.
Dependencies
Java 8 or higher
TestNG
REST Assured
Maven
Execution Steps
Open the project in your IDE.
Ensure all dependencies are downloaded and resolved by Maven.
Run the FanCodeTest.java file as a TestNG test.
View the test results in the test output or reports generated by your IDE or TestNG.
Test Scenario
The test validates that users from the FanCode city have completed more than 50% of their todos tasks.

Additional Notes
You can customize the test or add more scenarios as needed.
Ensure proper network connectivity to access the required APIs during test execution.
Contributors
Prayash Pati
7008405914
Feel free to update this README with specific details, such as contributors, additional setup steps, or any other relevant information based on your project's needs.
